# Open MariaDB10 to public

### Host is not allowed to connect to this MySQL server

CREATE USER 'username'@'%' IDENTIFIED BY 'password123';

GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON *.* TO 'username'@'%' WITH GRANT OPTION;

FLUSH PRIVILEGES;

@link : https://makolyte.com/error-host-is-not-allowed-to-connect-to-this-mysql-server/


# Liste des services
* ActiveInsight-2.0.0-2518                  : Active Insight is a cloud service that provides better technical support experience with faster troubleshooting. When enabled on multiple of your Synology NAS, it allows you to manage them across locations with a performance monitoring and automated warning system.
* Apache2.4-2.4.54-0125                     : Apache HTTP Server is an open source HTTP server for modern operating systems, including UNIX and Windows. With the package installed, you can choose Apache as the back-end server in Web Station.
* AudioStation-7.0.2-5305                   : With Audio Station and its mobile app DS audio, you can enjoy high-quality playback, listen to radios, manage your music collection, create personal playlist, and share with friends anywhere.
* CodecPack-3.0.1-2004                      : Advanced Media Extensions (AME) allows you to view High-Efficiency Video Coding (HEVC) files on your Synology NAS. (Note                      : Sign in to your Synology Account to install the codec pack after installing AME)
* Docker-20.10.3-1308                       : Docker is a lightweight virtualization application that gives you the ability to run thousands of containers created by developers from all over the world on DSM. The hugely popular built-in image repository, Docker Hub, allows you to find shared applications from other talented developers.
* DocumentViewer-1.3.0-1144                 : Document Viewer displays documents of various types, from Microsoft Office to OpenOffice, with ease and rapidity. You can even share documents simply with an encryptable link.
* DownloadStation-3.9.3-4609                : Download Station is a web-based download application which allows you to download files from the Internet through BT, FTP, HTTP, NZB, FlashGet, QQDL, and eMule, and subscribe to RSS feeds to keep you updated on the hottest or latest BT. It offers the auto unzip service to help you extract compressed files to your Synology NAS whenever files are downloaded. With Download Station, you can download files from multiple file hosting sites, and search for torrent files via system default search engines as well as self-added engines with the BT search function.
* FileStation-1.3.4-1404                    : File Station is the centralized file management tool for your Synology NAS. Through File Station, you can manage and search files/folders, view files of various types, share private files with external users, mount remote folders and virtual drives for access, and do much more!
* HybridShare-1.3.2-1029                    : Hybrid Share connects on-premises Synology NAS with C2 Storage, providing low-latency access to the active files that are cached locally.
* iTunesServer-2.0.0-2723                   : iTunes Server allows you to share the music and videos on your Synology NAS with all iTunes clients within a local network, and to browse and play these multimedia contents with iTunes. iTunes Server also provides the Smart Playlist feature, enabling you to create playlists containing songs that match the criteria you specify.
* LogCenter-1.2.3-0290                      : Log Center offers an easy solution for gathering and displaying log messages from network devices. It provides you with a centralized log management interface and the flexible search function to help you find the useful information efficiently.
* MariaDB10-10.3.32-1040                    : MariaDB is a community-developed fork of MySQL and is one of the most widely used open-source relational database management system (RDBMS). It is highly compatible with MySQL and allows users to effortlessly migrate databases from MySQL to MariaDB. With MariaDB, you can easily and efficiently read, update and manage your data.
* MediaServer-2.0.3-3105                    : Media Server provides a multimedia service for you to browse and play the multimedia contents on Synology NAS via DLNA/UPnP home devices. With Media Server, you can easily connect those devices such as TV sets and stereo systems to your home network, and stream multimedia files stored on Synology NAS to the devices to enjoy music, photos, and videos.
* Node.js_v12-12.22.12-2030                 : Built on Chrome's JavaScript runtime, Node.js has become a widely popular platform for users to easily build fast, scalable network applications.
* Node.js_v16-16.17.1-1009                  : Built on Chrome's JavaScript runtime, Node.js has become a widely popular platform for users to easily build fast, scalable network applications.
* NoteStation-2.6.1-2450                    : Note Station helps you fully enjoy writing, viewing, managing, and sharing content-rich notes. It is very easy to create content with rich text editing, media embedding, attachments, and much more. Manage your notes by using tags and grouping notes into Notebooks. When you are ready, Note Station makes sharing your content via social networking platforms simple and quick. Create, share, and enjoy!
* OAuthService-1.1.2-0071                   : OAuth Service is an open standard protocol for account authorization and authentication. It allows resource owners to authorize third-party access to their server resources without sharing their credentials. The package adopts OAuth 2.0 standard.
* PHP7.4-7.4.30-0118                        : PHP is an open source scripting language which aims to help web developers write dynamically generated web pages efficiently. This language is suitable for web development in that it can be easily embedded into HTML.
* PHP8.0-8.0.23-0102                        : PHP is an open source scripting language which aims to help web developers write dynamically generated web pages efficiently. This language is suitable for web development in that it can be easily embedded into HTML.
* phpMyAdmin-4.9.7-1032                     : phpMyAdmin is a free software tool designed to manage the MariaDB databases. Manage the MariaDB databases stored on your Synology NAS by installing this package.
* Python2-2.7.18-1004                       : Python is an interpreted, interactive, and object-oriented programming language suitable for distributed application development, scripting, numeric computing and system testing. With Python, you can develop or integrate your systems more quickly and effectively.
* Python3.9-3.9.14-0003                     : Python is an interpreted, interactive, and object-oriented programming language suitable for distributed application development, scripting, numeric computing and system testing. With Python, you can develop or integrate your systems more quickly and effectively.
* python310-3.10.8-12                       : Python Programming Language.
* ReplicationService-1.2.2-0352             : Replication Service is a core service that offers the ability to replicate taken snapshots from the source to the destination. This package cannot run alone and depends on core packages that offer snapshot features.
* ScsiTarget-1.0.6-0266                     : SAN Manager helps you to manage and monitor your iSCSI and Fibre Channel services easily. Both iSCSI and Fibre Channel are storage area network (SAN) services that provide access to consolidated and block-level data storage. Clients can access storage space over storage network as if the space were local disks.
* SecureSignIn-1.0.8-0197                   : Secure SignIn Service provides enhanced account security for your DSM. It allows passwordless logins and offers sign-in options in addition to basic 2-factor authentication methods.
* SMBService-4.10.18-0547                   : SMB Service is an easy-to-use file service management tool, allowing you to manage general settings related to the SMB/CIFS file sharing service. Through SMB Service, Windows, macOS, and Linux users can access your Synology NAS from the network once you have enabled the SMB service option in Control Panel.
* StorageAnalyzer-2.1.0-0421                : Storage Analyzer allows you to have a quick glance at the overall usage trends of your Synology NAS, create and manage tasks to analyze storage spaces, and generate detailed reports on volume usage.
* SynoFinder-1.6.0-0534                     : Synology Universal Search is a powerful search tool for your Synology NAS. In one search, you can find matched items from photos to notes. You can also index folders to provide precise and prompt search results by filename or file content. With Synology Universal Search, everything on your Synology NAS is just a few clicks away.
* SynologyApplicationService-1.7.3-10596    : Synology Application Service provides a framework to enrich features and services of Synology packages, including push notifications and profile settings. With Synology Application Service, coherent configurations can be shared across different packages.
* SynologyDrive-3.2.0-23232                 : Synology Drive Server is a comprehensive solution for file storage, management, sharing, and synchronization. It is equipped with Synology Drive Admin Console for centralized management and monitoring, Synology Drive for file access via web portal, and Synology Drive ShareSync for synchronization across Synology NAS devices.
* SynologyPhotos-1.3.0-0317                 : Synology Photos provides a series of smart and flexible features, allowing both photography lovers and home users to manage photos with ease.
* TextEditor-1.2.4-0245                     : Text Editor provides you with extensive editing features to handle plain text files, such as programming scripts and HTML files, directly in DSM.
* UniversalViewer-1.0.0-0060                : Universal Viewer allows you to view different file formats directly on the Synology Drive without having to open each application. Certain packages require Universal Viewer to function fully.
* USBCopy-2.2.1-1103                        : USB Copy helps you copy files between your Synology NAS and external USB/SD storage devices. File copy can start right after an external storage device is plugged in to the Synology NAS, without any need to open the DSM web console. USB Copy comes with multiple copy and file organization strategies to ensure efficient storage usage and easy location of files.
* VideoStation-3.0.5-2503                   : Video Station lets you manage and watch your video collection—movies, TV shows, home videos, and TV recordings—with intuitive convenience. It provides instant watching by streaming videos to your computers, AirPlay devices, iOS/Android devices, Windows 10 tablets/laptops, Apple TVs, Android TVs, and more. What’s more, it can enrich your videos with posters and subtitles from the Internet, and create a watchlist or favorite list for quick access.
* Virtualization-2.6.1-12139                : Virtual Machine Manager integrates various virtualization solutions in a centralized and refined interface, allowing you to easily create, run, and manage multiple virtual machines on your Synology NAS. With Virtual Machine Manager, you can allocate hardware resources more flexibly, build a virtualization environment for the purpose of the enterprise-level deployment and maintenance, migrate your virtual machines among hosts without disruption and provide a full range fault tolerance protection.
* VPNCenter-1.4.7-2901                      : VPN Server offers an easy VPN solution that turns your Synology product into a VPN server, providing a secure method to connect to a private LAN at a remote location. All PPTP, OpenVPN, and L2TP/IPSec services are supported.
* WebStation-3.1.0-0339                     : With Web Station, you can easily host and publish your own website. Additionally, after installing the PHP package, you can freely create dynamic websites for your personal use or business.
